Programming isn't just about getting in front of a computer and writing code.
There are syntax and rules to follow best practices and lots of thought involved.
We also have to learn how to handle errors and know
what they mean and how to fix them and more.
So we've included quizzes at the end of most of the sections in this course.
The quizzes are for you to see how well you can apply the concepts presented in each section
and to reinforce the material presented.
Some questions are easy and some are more difficult.
I urge you to go through the quizzes. I think you'll find them challenging but still fun.
Each quiz has 10 questions,
and they're multiple choice and fill in the blank type questions.
The quizzes are more concept-oriented,
where the section challenge exercises are more code-oriented.
But sometimes the quiz questions may ask you about a specific piece of code
and what you think it displays.
I hope you find the quizzes as well as the challenge exercises
useful for your learning experience. Okay, Frank, enough talk.
Let's get started learning c++.